I want to do right by you
for once.
I was never there for you,
never.
I had a feeling it was you.
I knew you were AIC.
Owen: I want to do as much good
as I can to make up
for all the bad
my daughter did.
She's pregnant.
I lost a baby.
Killer's tattoos
connect him to a faction
run by a guy
named Conor Devlin.
McQuigg:
I've heard of him.
Old-school IRA.
His son, Phelan,
wears it loud and proud.
We got to get
his old man.
Yeah,
before his old man gets us.
The biggest mistake you made
was not killing me.
By the time I'm finished,
I'll have taken
everyone you love.
♪♪
Owen: That's my daughter.
H
Medical Examiner:
She was stabbed repeatedly.
No witnesses
or surveillance footage.
♪♪
No parent should have
to experience this.
Think it was
a prison thing?
Who knows.
Lydia had a lot of enemies.
So do we.
♪♪
Wait. What are those?
Defensive wounds.
♪♪
Alex:
Where did you get these?
Owen:
What is it
Probably nothing.
What is it?
What's going on?
♪♪
It's just like the ones
on Lydia.
What am I looking at?
I don't understand.
♪♪
Conor Devlin?
I just got a call.
What happened?
They found my sister
in her apartment.
She's dead.
I helped her
find this place...
Moved her in,
paid the rent when I could.
Um, hey, guys, could you give us
a few minutes, please?
Thank you.
♪♪
I'm so sorry, Mike.
McQuigg:
No sign of break
No.
You think she'd let in
a stranger?
Not if she ever
listened to me.
Any prints?
Thousands.
It's gonna take a while.
And even then...
Devlin's coming after
our families, isn't he?
Yeah.
Then we're not gonna
find any prints.
Whoever did this was a pro.
Well,
even a pro makes mistakes.
♪♪
What is it?
Alex: What?
Grab another can?
♪♪
Okay.
I got it!
A friendly voice
catches the can.
"Let me help you
with your groceries."
♪♪
We need protection
for our families.
Yeah. I'm going to Rikers
to talk to Devlin.
I'm going with you.
Don't tell me I'm not.
I want to look him in the eye,
same as you.
♪♪
Woman:
It'll only be a matter of time
before we get you back
to Ireland
Who the hell is that?
That's a good question.
I must say, you've grown up
to be quite the woman.
Your brother would be proud.
When I get you back home,
I promise to wipe
that smile off your face.
♪♪
Whoever you are, I'm in the
middle of an interrogation.
Owen Hall, deputy director
of the FBI.
Who the hell are you?
Fiona Quinn, MI-5.
Mine wins.
I've been credentialed
by your government
to speak to my suspect.
Your suspect?
Devlin killed my sister
and this man's daughter.
Making you both exactly
the wrong people to talk to him.
Now,
I'm happy to back off
when I hear
from someone in authority
that your investigation
takes precedence --
I am someone in authority,
and I'm telling you, stand down.
I've been chasing
this man for 11 years.
He's wanted for crimes
against the people of Ireland.
Ireland can get in line.
What's your name?
Mike McQuigg.
Good Irish boy?
We ain't bonding, lady.
Have you had enough,
'cause I have.
You gonna let me in there
or what?
Mr. Hall,
is that you out there?
You want to charge in there
and put a beatin' on this man,
you hand him exactly
what he wants.
She's right.
He killed Jessie.
Why are you here,
Mike McQuigg?
I'm here to end this.
No, you're not.
You're here to punish him.
That won't get you
what you want. Trust me.
Are we just gonna stand around
here and do nothing?
I didn't say that.
I'm going in alone.
No.
It's not a request.
You two stay here.
♪♪
Well, look at this.
I'm the most popular girl
at the ball.
To what do I owe the pleasure,
Deputy Director Hall?
This is a mistake.
This is exactly
what he wants.
You don't know Owen Hall.
You don't know
Conor Devlin.
So, how did you know
it was me out there?
Clairvoyant.
Runs in the family.
Except for my son,
or he'd still be alive
right now.
And you blame me
for your son's death?
We share the blame,
don't we?
And we both have
to pay the price.
What price?
God's price.
Terrible thing
when a child has to pay
for the sins of the father,
don't you think?
I wouldn't know.
No?
Don't give a centimeter.
He won't.
Who you been talking to
on the outside?
They don't let me
use the phones.
No, a man like you
must have means.
I'm just a stranger
in a strange land.
You said by the time
you were done,
you'd take away
everyone we loved.
How's that going?
I'm not in the revenge business
anymore, Mr. Hall.
Hm.
This is not gonna work.
What?
Conor Devlin is never
gonna give up anything.
He's only gonna enjoy it
when your boss finally snaps.
Funny thing
about the blacks...
Excuse me?
All your huffin'
and puffin'
really gets you nowhere,
does it?
What are you
talking about?
You run around the streets
with your bandanas
and your low riders,
and you flash your...
What do you call it?
...your cheddar and your guns,
and all you end up
doing with them
is killin' each other.
Know what you are?
What?
Predictable.
If I wanted to kill a black
behind bars,
know who I'd get
to do it?
Another black.
♪♪
Hey, hey!
I'm good, I'm good.
You feel better now, son?
I understand how a little
violence could salve a wound.
♪♪
I don't see you for four years,
and suddenly a cop shows up
at my door
for my "protection"?
What the hell
is going on, Alex?
Good to see you,
too, Mom.
Is this 'cause I didn't
come to Thanksgiving?
Because I really did
have a flat.
No, Dad. This is not punishment
for Thanksgiving.
Something's come up at work.
We're gonna need to hunker down
at Shelby's place
in Westchester
for a few days.
So this is punishment
for Thanksgiving.
Oh, my God.
Bit surprised to hear from you.
Oh, yeah?
Why's that, though?
I don't know.
Maybe because I've been here
for eight months
and not one brekkie, lunch,
or supper from big brother?
And when you finally do show up,
it's to drag me out of class
and into this...thing.
Is this really your car?
Look, you've been busy
with school.
I've been busy with work.
Where are we going?
To a friend's house.
A party?
Uh, yeah,
something like that.
A work party?
What, with boring
insurance people?
Ugh, kill me now.
I need you to behave today,
Maisie.
Can you do that, please?
Oh, my God.
I'm your beard.
Okay, stop it.
Yeah -- What, they don't know
that you're a puff?
Shut up, okay?
I was the only person
that didn't care,
and that is the primary reason
you can bugger off.
Bugger off?
Yeah, yeah,
f-for vanishing.
I mean, for not sending me
a birthday card
or a Christmas card
or even congratulations
on the birth of my child.
You have a child?
No! Of course not.
But that's my point.
How would you have known?
So, when were you
planning on telling me
you moved to upstate
New York?
Just seemed easier to leave
things the way they were.
Right.
With us not talking,
you mean.
I'm not going anywhere
until you tell me
what the hell is going on,
Alex.
Oh, let me guess --
it's classified?
Just like your father.
♪♪
Keep pushing me away,
Mom,
but I'm just trying
to save your life.
♪♪
What I just saw in there
was a man unhinged,
and it wasn't the one
in handcuffs.
Do you blame him?
Look, I understand what you both
are going through.
You're not the only ones to lose
someone to that man in there.
But that's not the way
to get him.
So why don't you tell me
what is the way.
If I had that answer,
he never would have
gotten out of Ireland.
What makes you think
you can turn him now?
I'm not here to turn him.
I'm here to collect him.
What do you mean?
We have a new witness
who's willing to testify
against him in Dublin.
We've applied for extradition,
and I'm gonna bring Devlin back.
The fingerprint we pulled
from your sister's
apartment got a hit.
Her killer's former MI-5.
Her name's Maya Church.
I need to make a call.
So, she's former MI-5.
What's she do now?
She died four years ago.
Find out
what you can from her.
I'll stay in touch.
♪♪
It'll be nice to have a house
full of people again.
What did you say
you were celebrating?
I didn't.
Looks like that Downton crap
your mom used to watch.
Bunch of rich folks
and the poor saps
who lived
to kiss their asses.
Pucker up, son.
Dick!
Ah, so good to see you.
George.
This is George.
He takes care of the property.
He's practically family.
If you need anything,
just let either of us know.
A butler?
You got a valet, too?
All I need's a cot
and a pot.
Let me take you in.
How do I get him
to not hate me?
Play quarterback
for the Steelers.
Yeah...
Mm...
Alex?
Hey.
This is Maisie, my sister.
Yeah. Believe me,
I'm as shocked as you are.
Oh! Well, it's really nice
to meet you.
Um, Harry talks about you
all the time.
Clever girl.
And, uh, what do you do
for the company?
Alex is in human resources.
Human resources?
Yeah.
Darling,
you're wasting all of yours.
This is all very curious.
Oh, this is my mother,
Sita.
This is gonna be a disaster,
isn't it?
Ah, this place is a fortress --
70 acres of nothing,
top of the line security.
It's a perfect place
to protect our family
from whoever Devlin
sent to hunt them.
As long as we don't kill
each other in the meantime.
Yeah.
Come on, Duke. Let's go.
If Devlin's communicating
with Maya Church,
he's got to have a phone.
Easy, caveman.
Those books are innocents.
Then he should be spending
his time in solitary,
not reading books.
He should be spending
his time in the ground.
What can you tell me
about Maya?
Five years ago,
she was working a case
on a crime family
in Dublin.
Old IRA family went
into business
for themselves
after the treaty.
Devlin's family?
Affiliated.
She was last seen
walking into a church in Kerry.
It exploded moments later
with 33 people inside.
Yeah, but we found her prints
in my sister's apartment
the day she was murdered.
Apparently.
Well.
Look at this.
♪♪
Come on.
No, no, that's enough.
One more, one more --
Just do us --
Just take pictures of yourself.
Whoa! W-Wait a minute.
No, it's -- Wait,
is that really necessary?
Yes.
Why don't I get
everyone a drink?
I didn't come here
for a cocktail party.
Will someone please tell me
what is going on?
Are our lives
really in danger?
All right,
let's talk turkey, boss man.
Who's trying to kill us?
His name is Conor Devlin.
Three days ago,
he had my daughter murdered.
And then yesterday,
Agent McQuigg's sister.
Is this like a team-building
thing?
Not exactly.
He's coming
after our loved ones.
Are you for real?
Is
Why us?
What'd you guys do to him?
It's my fault.
I...I killed his son,
and now he wants
to hurt us the same way
that we hurt him.
It's no one's fault.
We were doing our job.
Sorry, uh,
I'm a bit behind here.
What job is that, exactly?
Maisie...
I'm an FBI agent.
You'll...have to excuse me.
My...brain just blew out
the back of my skull.
Look, we'll talk, okay?
Yeah, I believe we will.
You're here so that
what happened to my daughter
doesn't happen to you.
♪♪
Harry: Maisie.
Maisie, listen, it's not like
we were ever exactly close.
But that was your choice,
Harry, not mine.
I'm not mum, I'm not dad.
You didn't have
to walk out on me, too.
Mom...
So, uh, how long
do we have to stay here?
Just until we figure
everything out.
You mean until you catch
the killer.
Yeah.
Let me help you with --
You've put a target
on my back.
You've helped enough.
Oh, man...
Shelby: There was only one
number on Devlin's burner.
PSE&G isolated it to a pay phone
in rural Suffolk County.
What? That's in the middle
of nowhere.
There's no way a guy
like Devlin smuggles
a burner to call
a cow pasture.
Famous Seamus.
A candy company in Dublin.
They have three lots there.
Let me guess --
they don't make candy there.
Owen: Harry and Jocelyn
and I will check it out.
♪♪
Is it weird that I'd rather
take my chances
in a trained assassin
than face my own mother?
I would take the assassin
and your mother over Dick Booth.
Going that well, huh?
Who doesn't like me?
Everyone likes me.
Careful now.
Don't talk
while I'm shooting, boy.
All right, Westchester.
Show us what you got.
Okay.
Pull.
You're the best Quantico
has to offer?
Must've...got something
in my eye.
You couldn't hit the broad side
of a Bentley.
Pull.
Partial hit.
That still counts.
Hell it does.
That's dinner flying away.
You're more comfortable
holding her purse than a gun.
Something
in your eye, huh?
I didn't need to show up
your father.
He's proud, like his son.
Young Quinn,
working with a yank.
Making the betrayal
of your people complete.
Your ancestors would be proud.
You know who I am?
Haven't had the pleasure.
You ordered the murder
of my sister.
And how did I do that,
laddie?
That supposed
to mean something to me?
You called one number,
a pay phone on Long Island.
Did you know they still had
pay phones in the States, love?
I certainly didn't.
We found the house, Devlin.
You're speaking in riddles,
son.
What house would that be?
Maya's house.
What's the matter,
Conor?
Tell me about your sister,
Mr. McQuigg.
Don't answer him.
Please,
give me a reason to kill you.
Sounds like I already
gave you one.
♪♪
Let's go.
Oh, yeah, well...
♪♪
House is empty.
I've popped the back door.
Let's go.
♪♪
Missed you
at skeet shooting.
I don't like guns.
Do you like
the Second Amendment?
More wine?
Um, um, I'm good,
thanks.
So, you guys are FBI,
but, like, secret FBI.
That's pretty much it.
Well, what kind of stuff
do you do?
You know, the usual --
chase bad guys,
protect people,
disarm nukes.
So why all the secrecy?
Because they operate
in the shadows, off the books,
bending the law,
breaking the law,
which also means
if they get caught,
their country
will disavow them.
Is that about right?
♪♪
Excuse me for a second.
What is your problem, Ma?
After everything
that the FBI has done to you,
to our family,
you came back.
Is that why
I haven't heard from you?
I've called you,
I've left messages.
Why are you acting
like I'm the enemy
when all I'm trying to do
is protect you?
Because it's easier.
Easier than what?
When I look at you, Alex,
I still see that fearless
little girl who used
to walk ahead of everyone.
So certain were you
that something good
was around every corner.
Yeah, well,
I'm not a little girl anymore,
and I learned a long time ago
that whatever's
around that corner
is not always good.
This job taught you that.
No, Ma.
You taught me that.
You have no idea
what it is like
to have a child
and then lose that child.
♪♪
I do...
I do.
Beti?
What is it?
I was pregnant, Ma.
And then...
something happened with work,
and I lost...
And now I...
I don't know.
I can't help but feel
that it's my fault.
I don't know what to do,
and I don't know
who I am.
I don't know...
You are the sum total
of the decisions you make, hm?
That's who you are.
But here's the secret.
Your last bad decision
doesn't have to define you.
♪♪
I'll be back.
What's happening?
You okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Um, what's going on?
One of the sensors
got triggered.
Might be a deer.
Might also be Maya.
Whatever it is,
it's moving.
Right for the house.
Maybe we should
check it out.
Shelby, you know the house
better than anyone else.
We'll go outside.
♪♪
Hey.
Stop right there!
Who the hell are you?
In here.
I'm think I'm concussed.
What that really necessary?
My bad, man.
I tend to get a little jumpy
when I find strangers
lurking in the shadows
with shotguns!
I told you. I was driving by,
I saw the lights.
The house is normally dark.
I wanted to be sure
the place wasn't being robbed.
Or maybe you were scoping
the place out.
You work for Devlin, too?
W
Shelby
Do I know you?
This guy says
he's your neighbor.
Neighbor's a relative term.
My parents' house
is two miles away.
It's Ben.
Ben Hardington.
M-My parents are Stephanie
and Richard.
I remember the Hardingtons.
They came up during
the summers mostly.
Oh, yeah? So why are you here
during the winter?
Well, not that it's
any of your business,
but my parents
died last year.
Car crash.
I'm settling the estate.
You don't remember me?
We met once at one
of your parents' summer parties.
I was home from college.
Y-You were just a kid.
I'm sorry, I don't.
Uh, it was -- it was one
of those themed parties.
Everyone was wearing white.
I remember those.
He's lying, Shelby.
Oh,
I've had enough of this.
Hey, hey!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Take it easy.
I'm just going
for my wallet.
So what? Any 17-year-old
can get a fake ID.
What's your problem, man?
My problem?
Okay, okay, okay.
Everyone, calm down.
We have a lot
of nervous people here.
Do you mind sitting tight
till we confirm your identity?
A-Actually, I do.
I should be getting home.
You're not
going anywhere, pal.
♪♪
Okay, let's spread out,
see what we can find.
♪♪
Oh, God.
Is this gonna
take much longer?
I'm sure it won't
be much longer.
Mustard?
Shelby: Ben Hardington,
Haverford Class of '91,
raised in Philly,
parents died last year.
His story checks out.
Ooh, an online profile.
Big deal. You can fake
that stuff in no time.
And hack into the DMV?
Come on.
He's working
with a former spy.
But he knows things about me,
about my parents.
All of which can be dug up
with a little bit of research.
What do you want to do, Ryan?
Shoot him?
Not yet.
We should tie him up and throw
him in the attic for now.
And what if he's innocent?
Then we will have assaulted
and held hostage
an innocent man.
No, we are not
tying him up.
Let's just
keep an eye on him.
He's unarmed.
Just...
The hell are you doing?
I'm cutting this sandwich
George made for me.
Sheesh, you people.
Where is George?
He took Duke out for a walk.
Okay.
George must have tripped
a sensor.
I'll check it out.
♪♪
Oh, my gosh.
Hey, look at that.
♪♪
Who is that?
That's Maya.
What the hell's she doing?
♪♪
Owen.
There's a blueprint
of Shelby's mansion here.
♪♪
Oh, God. They've got the entire
security system layout as well.
We need to get back now.
Stop!
Don't move.
♪♪
What the hell is that?
A pressure plate.
It's a bomb.
If we step off this thing,
this whole place
is wired to blow,
and us along with it.
♪♪
This would be awkward
if we weren't about to die.
♪♪
We are not going to die.
Yeah, I wouldn't be
so sure about that.
Well, that's the sensor.
This is the exact spot Maya
was standing on.
Why stop here?
Maybe she was scoping out
the house,
debating her approach.
Hey, hey, hey.
Look.
She went in that direction.
Let's go.
That woman who's trying to
kill us is out there somewhere?
How did she find us?
I don't know, but Alex and Ryan
are handling it.
Just stay calm.
What the hell have you people
dragged me into?
Who are you again?
I'm the neighbor.
You need to stay back.
Well, another pair of eyes
couldn't hurt,
especially one that can spot
a whitetail at 200 yards out.
I've never met a deer
that can kill a man.
I don't know
what's going on here,
but this has nothing
to do with me.
I'm going home.
Ben, don't!
It could be dangerous.
Sita: You okay?
Yeah, I-I'm fine.
Just dizzy.
D-Do you think I could get
a little ice for my head?
Sure.
Keep an eye out.
I'll be right back.
♪♪
I'm so sorry
about all this.
♪♪
[ Refrigerator door opens,
glass clinks ]
Wait.
Something's wrong.
What is it?
If you're gonna
attack the house, why --
why go this way?
She was drawing us out.
Go.
What?
Go!
I'm not leaving
you out here.
Well, you're either leaving me
out here or Shelby in there.
You're a faster
runner than me.
Go. I got this. Go!
♪♪
Where's Shelby?
Oh, she went to the cellar
to get a flashlight.
She put flashlights for us out
on the kitchen table.
I'm gonna ask you again.
Where's Shelby?
He's got a knife!
G-Go to a bathroom!
Lock the door!
Do it now! Go! Go!
Dad! Dad, you all right?
Yeah, I'm all okay.
Go. Go, go, go. I got it.
♪♪
Duke!
Oh, my God.
Duke,
why are you covered in blood?
...we can cut the signal
to the plate
without being blown
to bits.
Okay, Harry?
Huh?
We need a build
a circuit bypass.
Yeah, of course we do.
Identify the wire that...
connects the pressure plate.
Owen, it's a whole cluster
of wires here.
It's...
Geez, you know what?
In the movies,
there's only, like,
one blue wire,
one red wire.
The IRA has been using
pressure plates bombs.
I should've
anticipated that.
We all should have.
George!
Oh, my God, George.
♪♪
Ryan! Behind you!
Thanks, babe.
Okay.
♪♪
Guys, how confident are we
that this is gonna work?
How confident are we?
♪♪
You asked me what my ex-wife
said to me at the funeral.
She didn't just say
it was my fault.
She said I deserve
to die alone
for not protecting
our daughter.
Here we go.
♪♪
3...
2...
♪♪
Oh, George...
This is all my fault.
This isn't on you.
Devlin did this.
You know, I hadn't realized it
till I saw him again.
George was the only family
I had left.
No, he wasn't.
♪♪
Come on, Duke.
Hey.
So, you, uh...disarmed
an actual bomb?
Yeah.
Well, it's just your basic,
run-of-the-mill
pressure plate bomb
with a collapsing circuit.
Or something.
Listen, I owe you an apology,
and not just for all this.
When I left home, I, um...
I didn't want to be part
of the family anymore.
Yeah, but, Harry, you didn't
have to just --
No, Maisie, please, please,
please, just shut up.
Let me talk, okay?
I needed to start over.
Well, at least,
I thought I did.
I didn't need to be cruel,
though, and I was.
I didn't need to...
lump you in with the rest
of them, but I did.
At the time, I thought I could,
uh...leave it all
in the rear view,
but I was wrong.
You were only 11,
and you loved me.
I still do.
How is that even possible?
Because, unlike some people,
I'm not a complete ass.
I almost died tonight,
and it was rather traumatizing.
But if it took me fighting off
a trained assassin
to get my brother back, well,
I suppose it was worth it.
This is the moment where you hug
your sister, you silly twit.
Oh, right.
♪♪
You okay, Dick?
Yeah, it's just a scrape.
I'll survive.
So will he, thanks to you.
Boy, that shot you made
was something else.
Ah, it was nothing.
Wind in your eye, huh?
She's quite a catch, son.
And so are you.
They give you painkillers?
Okay. Shall we?
Thank you.
For what?
For saving my life.
I didn't call you
because I don't deserve
to be in your life anymore.
I'm your mother,
and I wasn't there for you
when you needed me most.
Maybe not.
But here's the secret.
Your last bad decision doesn't
have to define you, right?
Come here.
♪♪
I'm gonna call you
for dinner next week, okay,
and you're gonna say yes.
Yes.
Okay.
Let's get you home.
Come on.
Game over, pal.
Fiona: Another disciple dead,
thanks to you.
What a shame.
You think you're a hero
to your people, right?
But when our application
is approved and I bring you back
to pay for what you've
done to them,
those same people will pour
whiskey on your grave.
A reckoning is comin'.
♪♪